[WIP] BDD readme (#141)
scramjetorg/transform-hub: README.md

> It is recommend to use a Node version manager like [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md) to install Node.js and npm. To install or update nvm, you should run the install script, to do that use the following cURL command in your console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use a Node version manager like [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md) to install Node.js and npm. Do it by running the install script using the following cURL command presented below in your console. Make sure you replace v0.39.2 with the latest version of nvm.
```

OK! The installation was successful. 🎉 🎆

We also work with Docker ![docker](./images/docker.png),currently we are working on a solution where using Docker will be optional, but until then please continue with the installation procedure.
We also work with Docker ![docker](./images/docker.png). Currently we are working on a solution where using Docker will be optional, but until then please continue with the installation procedure.
Run the following command in your console:

        sudo apt install -y docker.io docker-compose
    sudo apt install -y docker.io docker-compose

Verify that Docker and Docker-Compose are installed by getting their versions:

>         sudo docker version

Reviewer 2: The commands that check Docker version are removed :scissors:  but the verify Docker version sentence above is left.

Author: true, nice catch!! 
I fixed it 😁

Reviewer 2: super, thanks
